*ikiwiki-nav.txt*	Ftplugin to help creation and navigation of ikiwiki pages

Author: Javier Rojas <jerojasro@devnull.li>
Version: TODO
License: TODO

==============================================================================
INTRODUCTION                                                   *ikiwiki-intro*

This ftplugin provides several mechanisms to ease the process of writing and
navigating ikiwiki wiki pages.

This functionality is available for the 'ikiwiki' file type.

Link name completion                                           |ikiwiki-compl|
Jumping between wikilinks                                  |ikiwiki-nav-links|
Jumping to pages                                           |ikiwiki-jump-page|
Creating pages                                           |ikiwiki-create-page|
Commands available and default mappings                     |ikiwiki-commands|
Redefine mappings                                      |ikiwiki-redefine-maps|

==============================================================================
LINK NAME COMPLETION                                           *ikiwiki-compl*

It completes links in a directory-wise fashion through the omni-completion
mechanism. This takes into account the ikiwiki subpage linking rules, by
checking "upwards" the directory tree to find the directory path that best
fits the structure defined by the link.

It completes not only pages, but files and directories.

==============================================================================
JUMPING BETWEEN WIKILINKS                                  *ikiwiki-nav-links*

The commands |:IkiNextWikiLink| and |:IkiPrevWikiLink| move the cursor to the
nearest wikilink ahead or behind the cursor, respectively.

==============================================================================
JUMPING TO PAGES                                           *ikiwiki-jump-page*

When the cursor is over a wikilink, you can ask vim to open the file
corresponding to the page which that link points to.

There are 4 variants of this functionality. You can open the wiki page in:

  1. The current window, (command |:IkiJumpToPageCW|)
  2. A new horizontal splitted window (command |:IkiJumpToPageHW|).
  3. A new vertical splitted window (command |:IkiJumpToPageVW|).
  4. A new tab (command |:IkiJumpToPageNT|).

==============================================================================
CREATING PAGES                                           *ikiwiki-create-page*

When the cursor is over a wikilink, the command :CreateWAWAWA makes vim try to
open the file corresponding to the page the link points to, and if that fails,
it offers the user the possibility of creating the page defined by the link.
In this case, it offers the user a selection menu like the following:
>
    Choose:
    profit!
<
Once the user chooses one of the elements of the selection list, the file will
be created, including the needed directories defined in the link, and opened
in vim.

There are 4 variants of this functionality. Once you select the page's base
location you can open its buffer in:

  1. The current window, (command |:IkiJumpOrCreatePageCW|)
  2. A new horizontal splitted window (command |:IkiJumpOrCreatePageHW|).
  3. A new vertical splitted window (command |:IkiJumpOrCreatePageVW|).
  4. A new tab (command |:IkiJumpOrCreatePageNT|).

==============================================================================
COMMANDS AVAILABLE AND DEFAULT MAPPINGS  *ikiwiki-mappings* *ikiwiki-commands*

                                                            *:IkiJumpToPageCW*
Load the file associated to the link under the cursor in the current window.
Mapped to <C-h> by default.

                                                            *:IkiJumpToPageHW*
Load the file associated to the link under the cursor in a new horizontal
window. Mapped to <C-j> by default.

                                                            *:IkiJumpToPageVW*
Load the file associated to the link under the cursor in a new vertical
window. Mapped to <C-k> by default.

                                                            *:IkiJumpToPageNT*
Load the file associated to the link under the cursor in a new tab. Mapped to
<C-l> by default.

                                                      *:IkiJumpOrCreatePageCW*
Load the buffer of the new page indicated by the link under the cursor in the
current window. Mapped to <Leader>h by default.

                                                      *:IkiJumpOrCreatePageHW*
Load the buffer of the new page indicated by the link under the cursor in a
new horizontal window. Mapped to <Leader>j by default.

                                                      *:IkiJumpOrCreatePageVW*
Load the buffer of the new page indicated by the link under the cursor in a
new vertical window. Mapped to <Leader>k by default.

                                                      *:IkiJumpOrCreatePageNT*
Load the buffer of the new page indicated by the link under the cursor in a
new tab. Mapped to <Leader>l by default.

                                                            *:IkiNextWikiLink*

                                                            *:IkiPrevWikiLink*

==============================================================================
REDEFINE MAPPINGS                                      *ikiwiki-redefine-maps*

vim:tw=78:ts=8:ft=help:norl:
